Add the missing VCF header length and header NULL termination in the … (#417)
samtools/hts-specs: VCFv4.1.tex

HM3;AC=3;AN=6;AA=C
Let's assume that the header dictionary elements for HM3, AC, AN, and AA are at 80, 81, 82, and 83 respectively.  All of these can be encoded by 1-element INT8 values (0x11), with associated hex values of 0x50, 0x51, 0x52, and 0x53 respectively.

First is HM3.  The entry begins with the key: 0x11 0x50.

> The HM3 key has no value and therefore is represented as the special case of a missing value without an explicit type provided.

Reviewer: I think I would find this confusing if I came on it without the current context.  I might rework it to include the word `flag`.  
```suggestion
The HM3 key is a flag with no associated value and therefore is represented as the special case of a missing value without an explicit type provided.
```
